PASTOR: We're gathered here in the
sight of God
and in the presence of this company
to join together this man and this
woman in the bonds of holy
matrimony.
If anyone can show just cause why
the two of them
should not be lawfully wed, let
them speak now or forever hold
their peace.
Anyone?
Well, this is awkward.
I wasn't sure we'd get past this.
All right, go ahead and have a
seat.
I want to read you some scriptures
today.
No, not the traditional scriptures
I'm reading from Colossians three,
verses 12 and 17.
In the NIV version.
Therefore, as God's chosen
people, holy and dearly loved,
clothe yourselves with compassion,
kindness and humility, gentleness
and patience.
Bear with each other and forgive
one another
if any of you has a grievance
against someone,
forgive as the Lord forgave you,
and over all these virtues put on
love, which binds them together
in perfect unity.
Let the peace of Christ rule in
your hearts,
since as members of one body you
were called to peace
and be thankful.
Let the message of Christ dwell
among you richly as you teach and
admonish one
another with all your wisdom
through psalms, hymns, and songs
from the spirit.
Sing to God with gratitude in your
hearts.
And whatever you do, whether in
word or deed, do it
all in the name of the Lord Jesus,
giving thanks of God the Father
through him.
Now, while dating, you may have
spent a lot of time
thinking about how you will dress
on this very day.
On your wedding day.
You may have thought what you need
to wear every single day,
like when you go to work or when
you're going out.
But did you think about how
you would dress throughout your
marriage?
These verses talk about how you
need to dress
to respond each day in your
relationship.
Verse 12 says, clothe yourself with
compassion,
kindness, humility, gentleness and
peace.
It doesn't take effort or
intentionality
to be self-focused, unforgiving, or
impatient.
That comes naturally, but it takes
an active choice.
Time in the Bible, prayer, praise,
and thankfulness
to God to be able to put on
kindness
when it's hard to put on humility
when you think you're right,
or dress with forgiveness as
generously as Jesus did,
and in everything do it is under
the Lord.
Work, home,  professionally,
socially, all things as under the
Lord.
Now, David and Katrina have written
their own vows.
And I'm going to hand this mic
to...
it looks like Katrina first.
KATRINA: My dearest, David,
I love you so incredibly much.
From the first moment I heard your
bright laughter and witnessed your
sweet smile.
I just knew you were someone
special.
All it took was one video call two
years ago.
To make me fall in love with who
you are.
Since the day we've met, you've
always held
a special place in my heart and
mind.
At last we’re here in our wedding
day.
And I'm so happy
to be marrying my loving cherished
soul mate.
As your wife,
I vow to always be by your side in
both the good times and bad.
I promise to hold and comfort you
whenever you're sad and jump around
with you when you're happy.
I promise to care for you when
you're sick and be a source of
encouragement
when life gets hard.
I promise to hold your heart
tenderly,
being gentle and caring to you
always.
Pray that we seek God
and always keep him centered in our
relationship
so that we can not only keep strong
faith for ourselves,
but also raise children together
who love and follow Jesus.
To my soulmate, best friend and now
my husband.
I love you, David.
Always, and forever.
DAVID: Katrina,
I've always had an image in my mind
of what the girl of my dreams would
be.
I knew that she would be someone
kind,
someone beautiful,
someone funny, unique and sweet.
The girl of my dreams would bring
endless joy to my life.
Even when things were difficult.
She would be someone that I knew I
could always trust and rely on.
Someone that wouldn't just make
life easier,
but make it a pleasure to live.
I'm so grateful that God brought us
together, because
when I met you, I realized that you
are better
than anything I ever could’ve
dreamed of.
As your husband, I promise I'll do
my best to provide for you.
I promise to keep laughing with
you, to cry
with you, to support and protect
you.
As your husband, I promise to be
patient,
and kind, and understanding.
I promise to pray with you,
to walk side by side with you,
and...
and that
in 50 years, I'll still hold your
hands, cherish your smile
and look into your eyes the exact
same way
I'm looking at you right now.
As your husband,
I promise to love you for eternity.
PASTOR: Might as well hang on to
that.
(audience giggles)
PASTOR: I gotta follow that!
David, do you take Katrina,
this woman, to be your lawfully
wedded wife,
to love her, comfort her, honor and
keep her in sickness and in health,
in sorrow and in joy to have and to
hold from this day forward
for richer, for poorer, as long as
you both shall live?
DAVID: I do.
PASTOR: Your turn...
Do you, Katrina, take this man to
be your lawful wedded husband,
to love him, comfort him, honor and
keep him in sickness, and in
health, in sorrow, and in joy
to have and to hold from this day
forward, for richer, for poorer
as long as you both shall live?
KATRINA: I do.
PASTOR: Okay. *Whew*
And we have rings?
David, take this ring and repeat
after me:
With this ring...
DAVID: With this ring...
PASTOR: I thee wed.
DAVID: I thee wed.
PASTOR: And I give you this ring...
DAVID: I give you this ring...
PASTOR: As a reminder that I will
love...
DAVID: As a reminder that I will
PASTOR: Honor and cherish you...
DAVID: Honor and cherish you...
PASTOR: in all times, in all
places...
DAVID: in all times, in all
PASTOR: And all ways, forever.
DAVID: And all ways, forever.
PASTOR: (whispering) Put it on her
finger...
PASTOR: I give you this ring as a
symbol of my love...
DAVID: I give you this ring as a
PASTOR: And all that I am...
DAVID: And all that I am...
PASTOR: And all that I have.
DAVID: And all that I have.
PASTOR: Katrina, take this ring and
repeat after me:
With this ring...
KATRINA: With this ring...
PASTOR: I thee wed.
KATRINA: I thee wed.
PASTOR: I give you this ring as a
reminder...
KATRINA: I give you this ring as a
PASTOR: that I will love, honor and
cherish you.
KATRINA: that I will love, honor
and cherish you.
PASTOR: In all times, in all
places...
KATRINA: In all times, in all
PASTOR: in all ways, forever.
KATRINA: in all ways, forever.
PASTOR: I give you this ring...
KATRINA : I give you this ring...
PASTOR: as a symbol of my love.
KATRINA: as a symbol of my love.
PASTOR: And with all that I am...
KATRINA: ...with all that I am...
PASTOR: and all that I have.
KATRINA: ...all that I have.
PASTOR: Insomuch as
David and Katrina have consented
together in holy wedlock, and
witnessed
the same before God, and in this
company have giving and pledged
their faith each
to the other, having declared the
same by the giving and receiving of
rings.
I pronounce that you are husband
and wife,
those whom God has joined together
let no man put asunder.
Let us pray.
Heavenly Father, how appropriate
is to call you Father. As you look
down on your children,
what a joy
when we get to please You and do as
You desire.  And how disappointed
You can be when we fail and we do
fail, yet You still love us.
Today is no different.
These two are so perfectly paired.
I pray, Father, that You bless them
together as a family.
You cause them to grow together and
with You.
Let the path that they travel as a
family together.
Bless this house from this day
forward.
In Your name we pray, Amen.
AUDIENCE: Amen.
PASTOR: You may kiss your bride!
(audience cheers + applause)
PASTOR: Ladies and gentlemen, it's
my privilege to introduce to you:
Mr. and Mrs. West!
(audience cheers + applause)
ANNCR: Ladies and gentlemen, we ask
you to join us
on the back patio for an open bar
and appetizers...